it's Zen Pinball on the iPad yes the
mobile version of Zen Pinball to play
while you're waiting in line to play
real pinball it's a free download from
the App Store and a Zen Pinball is also
available for Android devices
it comes with one free table sorcerers
lair the table that we're watching here
which I've previously played on the ps3
version of the game it's a nice table
where is that pesky whisper so after
dragging the Nintendo 3ds version of Zen
Pinball through the mud it's time to
lavish this version with praise it's
smooth about 95% of the time it looks
great on the iPad screen and most
importantly it plays well
it's crystal clear bright vibrant
deadness fluid gameplay even without
analog controls it's easy to aim your
shots and plays like you'd think it
should it just works
unlike the 3ds version which was just
too small to see as you can probably
tell from the footage you control the
left flipper with your left hand or
tentacle if you're not to push and right
flipper with your right hand or giant
tentacle if you're a creepy alien all by
touching this screen like other versions
of the game you have numerous camera
perspectives to choose from you can even
play horizontally or vertically with the
iPads Zen Pinball comes with this table
but there are other tables available as
in-game purchases
and while I've seen some people in the
app store complain about the table
prices which I don't think are
unreasonable with Zen Pinball you get
what you pay for it's worth it if you
like pinball because it's about the best
video game pinball there is
here's a look at the game being played
vertically it does have all of the fun
online features that you would expect
with Zen Pinball and some of the other
tables available at this time our
Excalibur Wolverine Captain America and
Thor and defined as n pinball there will
be a lot more of them soon
student
dig the pinball kids it's Zen Pinball a
free download for your mobile device of
choice at this time I think the
additional tables are about 2 bucks each
and you can buy them within the game
highly recommended Zen Pinball
good work whisperer
we close the gate
leaving so soon